#summary QQ Protocol Plugin for Miranda IM

= Introduction (介紹) =

MirandaQQ2 is the second generation of MirandaQQ series plugin for Miranda IM which uses the libeva library developed by yunfan. As the closing of official EVA forum (http://www.myswear.net - Domain expired), the EVA/libeva project is also no longer maintained. For now, only limited update of MirandaQQ2 can be provided, and no new functions are planned. However, if a problem in MirandaQQ3 is fixed that also affects to MirandaQQ2, it is being applied to MirandaQQ2 also in short period of time.

MirandaQQ2 uses the older QQ2006 Official Release protocol, suitable for use with non-shared and stable network environment. If you are using under a shared network, or you need to travel frequently, Tencent may restrict you to use only newer clients. In this case, you may only use either MirandaQQ3 or official clients.

MirandaQQ2 是 MirandaQQ 系列插件的第二代。MirandaQQ 本身是開發給 Miranda IM 使用的協定插件，第二代的插件使用由云帆所開發的 libeva 程式庫作為核心。自從 EVA 的官方論壇 (http://www.myswear.net - 域名現已過期) 因某些原因而關閉，EVA/libeva 專案的開發也處於停濟狀態。直到現在，對於 MirandaQQ2 的更新只能有限度提供，並且不會再計劃為它增加任何新功能。但是，當 MirandaQQ3 有同時影響 MirandaQQ2 的問題被修正時，MirandaQQ2 也會在短時間修正相同的問題。

MirandaQQ2 使用比較舊的 QQ2006 正式版協定，適合用於非共享及固定的網路環境。如果您是在共享式網路環境或需要繁密穿州過省時，騰訊可能會限制您只能使用較新版本的客戶端。在這情況下，您只能使用 [MirandaQQ3] 或官方客戶端。

= Publicity Status (公開狀況) =

MirandaQQ2 is now published in the official Add-on site of Miranda IM. For more information, binary downloads and revision history, visit the following website:

MirandaQQ2 目前已於 Miranda IM 的官方插件網站中發佈。若要更多資訊、已編譯好的下載以及版本更新資訊，請造訪以下的網址：

http://addons.miranda-im.org/details.php?action=viewfile&id=3348 (NOTE: Content in Traditional Chinese)